traefik-cloudflared/README.md, before:

# Traefik with Cloudflared Service

The Traefik with Cloudflared service provides a reverse proxy and secure tunneling solution for exposing services to the internet. Traefik acts as the reverse proxy, while Cloudflared handles secure tunneling through Cloudflare's network.

## Directory Structure

```
traefik-cloudflared/
├── docker-compose.yml       # Docker Compose configuration for the Traefik and Cloudflared services
└── letsencrypt/             # Directory for Let's Encrypt certificates
```

## Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose installed on your system.
- A Cloudflare account for setting up secure tunnels.

## Setup Instructions

1. **Create the `acme.json` File**
   Before starting the service, create an empty `acme.json` file in the `letsencrypt` directory and set the correct permissions:

   ```bash
   touch letsencrypt/acme.json
   chmod 600 letsencrypt/acme.json
   ```

   This file is required for storing Let's Encrypt certificates securely.

2. **Start the Service**
   Use Docker Compose to start the Traefik and Cloudflared services:

   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

   This will start the services in detached mode.

3. **Configure DNS Records**
   Set up the necessary DNS records in your Cloudflare account to route traffic to your services.

4. **Access the Services**
   Open your browser and navigate to the domain you configured in Cloudflare to access your services.

## Troubleshooting

- If something's not working, check the logs:

  ```bash
  docker-compose logs
  ```

- Make sure Docker and Docker Compose are installed and running. Sometimes a restart helps!

## Additional Resources

- [Traefik Docs](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/)
- [Cloudflared Docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/)

Commit message:

feat: enhance configuration for Traefik and CrowdSec; add CF_API_EMAIL to .env-example, update health checks and resource limits in docker-compose.yml, and improve DNS challenge settings in traefik.yml

traefik-cloudflared/README.md, after:

# Traefik with Cloudflared Service

The Traefik with Cloudflared service provides a reverse proxy and secure tunneling solution for exposing services to the internet. Traefik acts as the reverse proxy, while Cloudflared handles secure tunneling through Cloudflare's network.

## Directory Structure

```
traefik-cloudflared/
├── docker-compose.yml       # Docker Compose configuration for the Traefik and Cloudflared services
└── letsencrypt/             # Directory for Let's Encrypt certificates
```

## Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker Compose installed on your system.
- A Cloudflare account for setting up secure tunnels.

## Setup Instructions

1. **Create the `acme.json` File**
   Before starting the service, create an empty `acme.json` file in the `letsencrypt` directory and set the correct permissions:

   ```bash
   touch letsencrypt/acme.json
   chmod 600 letsencrypt/acme.json
   ```

   This file is required for storing Let's Encrypt certificates securely.

2. **Start the Service**
   Use Docker Compose to start the Traefik and Cloudflared services:

   ```bash
   docker-compose up -d
   ```

   This will start the services in detached mode.

3. **Configure CrowdSec Bouncer**
   After the first initialization, you need to create a bouncer key for Traefik to communicate with CrowdSec:

   ```bash
   docker exec -it crowdsec cscli bouncers add traefik-bouncer -o raw
   ```

   Copy the generated key and add it to your `.env` file as `CROWDSEC_BOUNCER_KEY`. Then restart the services:

   ```bash
   docker-compose restart traefik
   ```

4. **Configure DNS Records**
   Set up the necessary DNS records in your Cloudflare account to route traffic to your services.

5. **Access the Services**
   Open your browser and navigate to the domain you configured in Cloudflare to access your services.

## Troubleshooting

- If something's not working, check the logs:

  ```bash
  docker-compose logs
  ```

- Make sure Docker and Docker Compose are installed and running. Sometimes a restart helps!

## Additional Resources

- [Traefik Docs](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/)
- [Cloudflared Docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/)
